I’ve overflown so much in my cognition, as if I’d lived a hundred of trillions of billions of years on trillions and trillions of similar planets already, just like this Earth. I’ve comprehended this world completely and now I’m only searching for one thing in here - peace, serenity and this harmony of fusing with endless eternity, of contemplating the great fractal image and of all this wonderful total unity of existence, endlessly eternal, no matter where you look, both endlessly small in the deep and endlessly big up above, you see. And here you are, once again, with your stuff, go continue your fuss. This is your way and your horizon of thinking, sensing and your own nature, so it’s disparately small comparing to mine. I’m like an ancient man already, immortal or almost immortal, who’s been dwelling on this planet since its own beginning, since its own birth, when the Sun has barely formed as a star and this cloud of dust after the explosion of the Sun, when it uhh ignited as a star and the conservates (?), the planets started to form. It’s as if I’ve lived for five fucking billions of years and I know this whole world inside out and here you are with your stuff. I don’t give a shit about your cars, your bitch ass yachts, your flats, all your goods, you understand? I was cooler than Caesar and cooler than Hitler on this or any other planet from their endless multitude, you get it? And you were a jizz, a piece of shit, even worse than here. Do you even understand, I’ve seen so many conditions and feelings and I feel like you’re more of a plant or more of a bird, a worm, just a clot of a rock in some ways. And you see, it’s all soul, it doesn’t have limits in its image, it’s perfectly diverse, an endless multitude but you won’t get it. Roll the fuck away, we live in this world in a different sense, with different aspirations. Therefore, my place and yours are different, our allocations are different. I wish all the best cars to you and may you have the best wenches as well so they could spread their legs, show off their quims to you inside and out like a fucking mat, corrupt you and melt you, yeah, so you could fuck them till they turn blue or red like the sunset, and you could sail on the best yachts and fly and cum on the best planes, straight from the window, whatever gets into your head or never gets there, if there are not enough ideas from your side you may always come to me, I’ll give hundreds of trillions ideas for every single one of yours. And me, well, I’m just walking like an ancient man who’s seen eternity, who’s touched God and become godlike himself and sought this eternity, who resides in peace, serenity, harmony, grace, in this inmost bliss, involved in everything, that’s the whole difference between us, you see? And I’m coming to feast my eyes on the world, get it? And you’re coming to overflow within your limits, that’s the whole difference, you understand? You don’t see this endless eternity, you don’t need it but at least you’re more active, like this dumbass woodpecker or an ant that’s very active on its own path, now that’s it. So come on, our paths here may be slightly similar on their verges, of course, because all is one but sorry, I understand you clearly and you probably don’t because I contain you in myself, your whole nature, it’s only a tiny grain of what’s contained inside me, get it? So this is it, come on, roll away and I’ll go fucking enjoy this beautiful autumnal sunset, fuck, on the banks of the warm southern river. That’s it! Go yank your plank and I’m setting the fuck off.